 This creamy chicken curry has rich layers of flavour and makes an easy everyday meal. Hi and you're watching Plating It with Wendy where I share with you recipes which are pressed with these. If you enjoyed this video don't forget to give it a like, share and comment and if you enjoy trying out recipes that turn out right every time then go ahead press that subscribe button and while you're at it if you hit that bell icon you'll be the first one to get notified every time I upload a new video. Now let's get started. For this recipe we're going to be going in with 800 grams of chicken and we're going to go in with a mix of chicken drumsticks and chicken thighs. And I always like to use bone and chicken for this recipe because it adds a lot of flavour. We're going to marinate the chicken with some spices we're going to go in with 1 tbsp of Kashmiri chilli powder. Kashmiri chilli powder is myelin spice but it's going to give our chicken curry a lovely vibrant red colour. And to that we're going to add half a teaspoon of turmeric powder, 1 tsp of coriander powder and 1 tsp of cumin powder. And now to that we're going to add some salt and I'm going to go in with about a tsp of salt and to give the chicken a little bit of tang we're going to going with 1 and a half tbsp of lemon juice. Now let's mix this all together and make sure that the chicken pieces get coated on all sides with all the spices that we have put in. Get a good mix. You want the spice to get on both sides of the chicken pieces. Ok now that our chicken pieces are all well coated with the spices let's keep them aside and come on over to the stove. Let's bring our curry together to a deep heavy bottom pan on a medium heat we're going to add half a cup of oil and into that we're going to toss 4 green cardamoms, 5 cloves, 1 2 and a stick of cinnamon and 2 bay leaves. These spices are going to play with the chicken curry and make it really aromatic. And to that we're going to add 2 medium sized onions which I have finely chopped and this is about 300 grams of onions. We're going to saute this until the onions turn a nice golden brown. This should take us about 10 to 12 minutes. The onions are going to give the curry a thick consistency and a sweet flavour. The onions are going to turn a nice golden brown just about another minute or two and we should be there. Ok the onions are looking really good. So let's add in the tomato and we're going to be adding 2 medium sized tomatoes which I have finely chopped and this is about 200 grams. And to that we're going to add 1 tablespoon of garlic paste and half a tablespoon of ginger paste and 1 green chilli which I have finely chopped. Now we're going to saute this till the tomatoes turn soft and the ginger and garlic are going to leave their raw flavour. This should take about another 5 minutes or so. This is such an easy chicken curry to cook and it makes an excellent weekday meal. The does not involve any grinding of a curry paste. It's just dry spices and I have got a lot of requests from subscribers asking for a curry like this. So this one goes out to all of them. Ok the tomatoes and the onions have now become one happy family so let's start in the chicken. It's going to mix the chicken up with the onions and the tomatoes and we're going to saute it for about 10 minutes. You want a little colour to come on the chicken. You're going to increase the heat to a medium high. Just going to keep clipping them from side to side so that they don't burn on any side. Then saring the chicken and clipping the pieces over make sure to be a little gentle with them so that you do not shred the chicken. A good tip is to use a wooden spatula or a spoon when cooking the chicken. The chicken has got a good sear so now we're going to go in with 1 and a half cup of water and this is going to help to form the curry. Let's give this a light mix and I'll be going to lower the heat to medium and allow the chicken to cook for another 10 minutes or so. You can see that the onions that we had added have made the curry nice and thick. The chicken is already looking so good. We're going to allow to cook for another 4 minutes in the curry before we add in the coconut milk. And now for an added flavour and a ton of creaminess we're going to add in half a cup of coconut milk. And to balance the flavours we're going to go in with 1 teaspoon of sugar and this is totally optional. We're going to give this a stir so that everything blends well together. We can check for the salt later. We're just going to allow the chicken to cook completely before we taste it. Once again gently flipping it. And now we're going to cover it with a lid and allow the chicken to cook. Our chicken is looking absolutely delicious but let's finish it off with half a teaspoon of garam masala and just a tad bit more salt. We're going to mix this up. I'm just going to cook for about a minute or so. Now our chicken curry is ready so we can take out the bay leaves because the job is done and the cinnamon stick. Our chicken has cooked and is looking absolutely delicious. Let's switch off the heat and garnish it with some freshly chopped cilantro. And there you go. Dinner is ready. Oh my goodness. Look at that. And this chicken curry can be enjoyed on a better warm rice or any bread of your choice. Let's stop it with a piece of chicken and some curry. And now it's time to give our chicken curry a taste. Wow, I can't wait. The chicken is so soft, so well cooked. Amazing. And that curry is so nice and thick. This chicken curry is a winner. This is my family's favorite and I just love making it because it's so easy and quick to put together. So it's a win-win for me. And I'm sure if you get this recipe and try, it's going to be your family favorite too. So hop onto my website, platingitwithwendy.com where you will find the full written recipe. Thanks for watching. See you soon.